# How Inrupt Addresses Submissions on Github

Currently, we use Github for issue tracking and in various roles. If
we want to report issues to Inrupt, contribute code or other technical
contributions, this is where it happens. This document details what
you can expect from Inrupt here on Github.

## Reported Issues

We are grateful that you take the time to understand problems in the
system and that you submit them to us for review, and we are committed
to fixing the issues you are reporting as soon as possible within our
development cycle. However, we reserve the right to prioritize
incoming issues, and it is also important to understand that while
Inrupt seeks to lead the community, we are not the only ones. We rely
on the community, including other commercial entities to help improve
Solid. Therefore, Inrupt may not commit to fixing all issues.

The team will periodically inspect incoming issues, and any one of us
may assign the `triage` label to draw the attention of other team
members to the issue. The `triage` label is used for issues that need
further inspection before possible inclusion in our development
cycle. The team will then inspect these issue to determine if Inrupt
will continue working on them. If not, we may drop the `triage` label.

Any team member may also assign the `inrupt-planning` label. This
label does not indicate a commitment or that resources are assigned,
just that we think it is something we should do, we appreciate the
problem and it is aligned with the direction Inrupt wants Solid to
go. If more detailed understanding is required to solve it, a
developer will engage, and we hope the community will step up to
ensure that we fully understand the problem.

Issues labeled `inrupt-planning` functions as a "backlog" for Inrupt
in agile methodology terminology. In this methodology, issues from a
"backlog" is added to a "sprint", which then receives focused
effort. During our sprint planning meeting, we will go through the
current list of such issues, and those that we prioritize will be
given an `inrupt-sprint` label, which indicates a commitment by Inrupt
to work on the issue in near future, though it sometimes happen that
issues fall off the list. To improve the chance of an issue being
added to an Inrupt sprint, it is important that you help us fully
understand the issue in the stages prior to this.

You are certainly free to work on any issue at any stage, whether they
are given priority by us or not. However, please indicate your
intention to do so in a comment if you want to work on an issue
labeled `inrupt-sprint`, so that we don't duplicate effort. We also
expect that as the Solid project grows, many organizations will add
similar labels with their own methodologies and priorities.


## Pull Requests

Your Pull Requests are highly valued, and this document explains how Inrupt will process your PRs. 

We intend to review PRs on a daily basis, and we will try to assign a
reviewer to them then. If the PR is simple and readily understood, the
reviewer is free to process immediately, but please understand that
some PRs can take some time to understand, and that committing to do
so immediately may disrupt Inrupt developer's workflow. Therefore, if
the reviewer is unable to review right away, they will assign the
`inrupt-planning` label, and Inrupt will then set aside time to review
the issue properly within the next development cycle. Once we are
committed to the review, we will assign the `inrupt-sprint` label.